<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title>JOKES, JOKES FOR EVERYONE!!</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<h1>JOKES</h1>
		<h3>Table of content</h3>
		<p><a href="#joke0">0. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke1">1. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke2">2. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke3">3. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke4">4. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke5">5. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke6">6. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke7">7. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke8">8. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke9">9. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke10">10. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke11">11. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke12">12. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke13">13. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke14">14. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke15">15. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke16">16. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke17">17. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke18">18. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke19">19. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke20">20. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke21">21. joke</a><br /><a href="#joke22">22. joke</a><br /></p><h2>Let the jokes begin</h2><div id="joke0"><b>0. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>
		How do you tell an introverted computer scientist from an extroverted computer scientist?
     <br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke1"><b>1. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>
        Why do programmers always mix up Halloween and Christmas?
     <br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke2"><b>2. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>What is the most feminist Unix Command?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke3"><b>3. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>What does a computer scientist wear on Halloween?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke4"><b>4. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke5"><b>5. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke6"><b>6. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke7"><b>7. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke8"><b>8. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke9"><b>9. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke10"><b>10. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke11"><b>11. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke12"><b>12. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke13"><b>13. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke14"><b>14. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke15"><b>15. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke16"><b>16. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke17"><b>17. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke18"><b>18. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke19"><b>19. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke20"><b>20. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke21"><b>21. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p><div id="joke22"><b>22. joke:</b></div><p><b>Q: </b>Why do java programmers have to wear glasses?<br /><b>A: </b>Or was it the other way around, I can't really remember?
								 </p>
	</body>
</html>
